Updated useref@t_laNdMmdLApYszqXRdWg.md (#6239)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: src/data/roadmaps/react/content/useref@t_laNdMmdLApYszqXRdWg.md

# useRef

> [@official@useRef](https://react.dev/reference/react/useRef) is a React hook that provides a way to create a mutable reference that persists across component re-renders. It's used to store a value that doesn't cause re-renders when it changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
useRef is a React hook that provides a way to create a mutable reference that persists across component re-renders. It stores a value that doesn't cause re-renders when it changes.
```

Reviewer: No need to add the same link twice.
